Patch helpers (#20)
digitalbazaar/mocha-w3c-interop-reporter: CHANGELOG.md

# @digitalbazaar/mocha-w3c-interop-reporter ChangeLog

## 1.2.1 -

### Fixed

> - Fixed reporter option so helpers files can be passed in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix reporter option so `helpers` file can be passed in.
```
